Psalm 22:1 -> My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? why art thou so far from helping me, and from the words of my roaring?

Psalm 22:2 -> O my God, I cry in the daytime, but thou hearest not; and in the night season, and am not silent.

Psalm 22:3 -> But thou art holy, O thou that inhabitest the praises of Israel.

Psalm 22:4 -> Our fathers trusted in thee: they trusted, and thou didst deliver them.

Psalm 22:5 -> They cried unto thee, and were delivered: they trusted in thee, and were not confounded.

Psalm 22:6 -> But I am a worm, and no man; a reproach of men, and despised of the people.

Psalm 22:7 -> All they that see me laugh me to scorn: they shoot out the lip, they shake the head, saying,

Psalm 22:8 -> He trusted on the LORD that he would deliver him: let him deliver him, seeing he delighted in him.

Psalm 22:9 -> But thou art he that took me out of the womb: thou didst make me hope when I was upon my mother's breasts.

Psalm 22:10 -> I was cast upon thee from the womb: thou art my God from my mother's belly.

Psalm 22:11 -> Be not far from me; for trouble is near; for there is none to help.

Psalm 22:12 -> Many bulls have compassed me: strong bulls of Bashan have beset me round.

Psalm 22:13 -> They gaped upon me with their mouths, as a ravening and a roaring lion.

Psalm 22:14 -> I am poured out like water, and all my bones are out of joint: my heart is like wax; it is melted in the midst of my bowels.

Psalm 22:15 -> My strength is dried up like a potsherd; and my tongue cleaveth to my jaws; and thou hast brought me into the dust of death.

Psalm 22:16 -> For dogs have compassed me: the assembly of the wicked have inclosed me: they pierced my hands and my feet.

Psalm 22:17 -> I may tell all my bones: they look and stare upon me.

Psalm 22:18 -> They part my garments among them, and cast lots upon my vesture.

Psalm 22:19 -> But be not thou far from me, O LORD: O my strength, haste thee to help me.

Psalm 22:20 -> Deliver my soul from the sword; my darling from the power of the dog.

Psalm 22:21 -> Save me from the lion's mouth: for thou hast heard me from the horns of the unicorns.

Psalm 22:22 -> I will declare thy name unto my brethren: in the midst of the congregation will I praise thee.

Psalm 22:23 -> Ye that fear the LORD, praise him; all ye the seed of Jacob, glorify him; and fear him, all ye the seed of Israel.

Psalm 22:24 -> For he hath not despised nor abhorred the affliction of the afflicted; neither hath he hid his face from him; but when he cried unto him, he heard.

Psalm 22:25 -> My praise shall be of thee in the great congregation: I will pay my vows before them that fear him.

Psalm 22:26 -> The meek shall eat and be satisfied: they shall praise the LORD that seek him: your heart shall live for ever.

Psalm 22:27 -> All the ends of the world shall remember and turn unto the LORD: and all the kindreds of the nations shall worship before thee.

Psalm 22:28 -> For the kingdom is the LORD'S: and he is the governor among the nations.

Psalm 22:29 -> All they that be fat upon earth shall eat and worship: all they that go down to the dust shall bow before him: and none can keep alive his own soul.

Psalm 22:30 -> A seed shall serve him; it shall be accounted to the Lord for a generation.

Psalm 22:31 -> They shall come, and shall declare his righteousness unto a people that shall be born, that he hath done this.

