Psalm 25:1 -> Unto thee, O LORD, do I lift up my soul.

Psalm 25:2 -> O my God, I trust in thee: let me not be ashamed, let not mine enemies triumph over me.

Psalm 25:3 -> Yea, let none that wait on thee be ashamed: let them be ashamed which transgress without cause.

Psalm 25:4 -> Shew me thy ways, O LORD; teach me thy paths.

Psalm 25:5 -> Lead me in thy truth, and teach me: for thou art the God of my salvation; on thee do I wait all the day.

Psalm 25:6 -> Remember, O LORD, thy tender mercies and thy lovingkindnesses; for they have been ever of old.

Psalm 25:7 -> Remember not the sins of my youth, nor my transgressions: according to thy mercy remember thou me for thy goodness' sake, O LORD.

Psalm 25:8 -> Good and upright is the LORD: therefore will he teach sinners in the way.

Psalm 25:9 -> The meek will he guide in judgment: and the meek will he teach his way.

Psalm 25:10 -> All the paths of the LORD are mercy and truth unto such as keep his covenant and his testimonies.

Psalm 25:11 -> For thy name's sake, O LORD, pardon mine iniquity; for it is great.

Psalm 25:12 -> What man is he that feareth the LORD? him shall he teach in the way that he shall choose.

Psalm 25:13 -> His soul shall dwell at ease; and his seed shall inherit the earth.

Psalm 25:14 -> The secret of the LORD is with them that fear him; and he will shew them his covenant.

Psalm 25:15 -> Mine eyes are ever toward the LORD; for he shall pluck my feet out of the net.

Psalm 25:16 -> Turn thee unto me, and have mercy upon me; for I am desolate and afflicted.

Psalm 25:17 -> The troubles of my heart are enlarged: O bring thou me out of my distresses.

Psalm 25:18 -> Look upon mine affliction and my pain; and forgive all my sins.

Psalm 25:19 -> Consider mine enemies; for they are many; and they hate me with cruel hatred.

Psalm 25:20 -> O keep my soul, and deliver me: let me not be ashamed; for I put my trust in thee.

Psalm 25:21 -> Let integrity and uprightness preserve me; for I wait on thee.

Psalm 25:22 -> Redeem Israel, O God, out of all his troubles.

