Psalm 105:1 -> O give thanks unto the LORD; call upon his name: make known his deeds among the people.

Psalm 105:2 -> Sing unto him, sing psalms unto him: talk ye of all his wondrous works.

Psalm 105:3 -> Glory ye in his holy name: let the heart of them rejoice that seek the LORD.

Psalm 105:4 -> Seek the LORD, and his strength: seek his face evermore.

Psalm 105:5 -> Remember his marvellous works that he hath done; his wonders, and the judgments of his mouth;

Psalm 105:6 -> O ye seed of Abraham his servant, ye children of Jacob his chosen.

Psalm 105:7 -> He is the LORD our God: his judgments are in all the earth.

Psalm 105:8 -> He hath remembered his covenant for ever, the word which he commanded to a thousand generations.

Psalm 105:9 -> Which covenant he made with Abraham, and his oath unto Isaac;

Psalm 105:10 -> And confirmed the same unto Jacob for a law, and to Israel for an everlasting covenant:

Psalm 105:11 -> Saying, Unto thee will I give the land of Canaan, the lot of your inheritance:

Psalm 105:12 -> When they were but a few men in number; yea, very few, and strangers in it.

Psalm 105:13 -> When they went from one nation to another, from one kingdom to another people;

Psalm 105:14 -> He suffered no man to do them wrong: yea, he reproved kings for their sakes;

Psalm 105:15 -> Saying, Touch not mine anointed, and do my prophets no harm.

Psalm 105:16 -> Moreover he called for a famine upon the land: he brake the whole staff of bread.

Psalm 105:17 -> He sent a man before them, even Joseph, who was sold for a servant:

Psalm 105:18 -> Whose feet they hurt with fetters: he was laid in iron:

Psalm 105:19 -> Until the time that his word came: the word of the LORD tried him.

Psalm 105:20 -> The king sent and loosed him; even the ruler of the people, and let him go free.

Psalm 105:21 -> He made him lord of his house, and ruler of all his substance:

Psalm 105:22 -> To bind his princes at his pleasure; and teach his senators wisdom.

Psalm 105:23 -> Israel also came into Egypt; and Jacob sojourned in the land of Ham.

Psalm 105:24 -> And he increased his people greatly; and made them stronger than their enemies.

Psalm 105:25 -> He turned their heart to hate his people, to deal subtilly with his servants.

Psalm 105:26 -> He sent Moses his servant; and Aaron whom he had chosen.

Psalm 105:27 -> They shewed his signs among them, and wonders in the land of Ham.

Psalm 105:28 -> He sent darkness, and made it dark; and they rebelled not against his word.

Psalm 105:29 -> He turned their waters into blood, and slew their fish.

Psalm 105:30 -> Their land brought forth frogs in abundance, in the chambers of their kings.

Psalm 105:31 -> He spake, and there came divers sorts of flies, and lice in all their coasts.

Psalm 105:32 -> He gave them hail for rain, and flaming fire in their land.

Psalm 105:33 -> He smote their vines also and their fig trees; and brake the trees of their coasts.

Psalm 105:34 -> He spake, and the locusts came, and caterpillers, and that without number,

Psalm 105:35 -> And did eat up all the herbs in their land, and devoured the fruit of their ground.

Psalm 105:36 -> He smote also all the firstborn in their land, the chief of all their strength.

Psalm 105:37 -> He brought them forth also with silver and gold: and there was not one feeble person among their tribes.

Psalm 105:38 -> Egypt was glad when they departed: for the fear of them fell upon them.

Psalm 105:39 -> He spread a cloud for a covering; and fire to give light in the night.

Psalm 105:40 -> The people asked, and he brought quails, and satisfied them with the bread of heaven.

Psalm 105:41 -> He opened the rock, and the waters gushed out; they ran in the dry places like a river.

Psalm 105:42 -> For he remembered his holy promise, and Abraham his servant.

Psalm 105:43 -> And he brought forth his people with joy, and his chosen with gladness:

Psalm 105:44 -> And gave them the lands of the heathen: and they inherited the labour of the people;

Psalm 105:45 -> That they might observe his statutes, and keep his laws. Praise ye the LORD.

