Psalm 74:1 -> O God, why hast thou cast us off for ever? why doth thine anger smoke against the sheep of thy pasture?

Psalm 74:2 -> Remember thy congregation, which thou hast purchased of old; the rod of thine inheritance, which thou hast redeemed; this mount Zion, wherein thou hast dwelt.

Psalm 74:3 -> Lift up thy feet unto the perpetual desolations; even all that the enemy hath done wickedly in the sanctuary.

Psalm 74:4 -> Thine enemies roar in the midst of thy congregations; they set up their ensigns for signs.

Psalm 74:5 -> A man was famous according as he had lifted up axes upon the thick trees.

Psalm 74:6 -> But now they break down the carved work thereof at once with axes and hammers.

Psalm 74:7 -> They have cast fire into thy sanctuary, they have defiled by casting down the dwelling place of thy name to the ground.

Psalm 74:8 -> They said in their hearts, Let us destroy them together: they have burned up all the synagogues of God in the land.

Psalm 74:9 -> We see not our signs: there is no more any prophet: neither is there among us any that knoweth how long.

Psalm 74:10 -> O God, how long shall the adversary reproach? shall the enemy blaspheme thy name for ever?

Psalm 74:11 -> Why withdrawest thou thy hand, even thy right hand? pluck it out of thy bosom.

Psalm 74:12 -> For God is my King of old, working salvation in the midst of the earth.

Psalm 74:13 -> Thou didst divide the sea by thy strength: thou brakest the heads of the dragons in the waters.

Psalm 74:14 -> Thou brakest the heads of leviathan in pieces, and gavest him to be meat to the people inhabiting the wilderness.

Psalm 74:15 -> Thou didst cleave the fountain and the flood: thou driedst up mighty rivers.

Psalm 74:16 -> The day is thine, the night also is thine: thou hast prepared the light and the sun.

Psalm 74:17 -> Thou hast set all the borders of the earth: thou hast made summer and winter.

Psalm 74:18 -> Remember this, that the enemy hath reproached, O LORD, and that the foolish people have blasphemed thy name.

Psalm 74:19 -> O deliver not the soul of thy turtledove unto the multitude of the wicked: forget not the congregation of thy poor for ever.

Psalm 74:20 -> Have respect unto the covenant: for the dark places of the earth are full of the habitations of cruelty.

Psalm 74:21 -> O let not the oppressed return ashamed: let the poor and needy praise thy name.

Psalm 74:22 -> Arise, O God, plead thine own cause: remember how the foolish man reproacheth thee daily.

Psalm 74:23 -> Forget not the voice of thine enemies: the tumult of those that rise up against thee increaseth continually.

