Psalm 102:1 -> Hear my prayer, O LORD, and let my cry come unto thee.

Psalm 102:2 -> Hide not thy face from me in the day when I am in trouble; incline thine ear unto me: in the day when I call answer me speedily.

Psalm 102:3 -> For my days are consumed like smoke, and my bones are burned as an hearth.

Psalm 102:4 -> My heart is smitten, and withered like grass; so that I forget to eat my bread.

Psalm 102:5 -> By reason of the voice of my groaning my bones cleave to my skin.

Psalm 102:6 -> I am like a pelican of the wilderness: I am like an owl of the desert.

Psalm 102:7 -> I watch, and am as a sparrow alone upon the house top.

Psalm 102:8 -> Mine enemies reproach me all the day; and they that are mad against me are sworn against me.

Psalm 102:9 -> For I have eaten ashes like bread, and mingled my drink with weeping,

Psalm 102:10 -> Because of thine indignation and thy wrath: for thou hast lifted me up, and cast me down.

Psalm 102:11 -> My days are like a shadow that declineth; and I am withered like grass.

Psalm 102:12 -> But thou, O LORD, shalt endure for ever; and thy remembrance unto all generations.

Psalm 102:13 -> Thou shalt arise, and have mercy upon Zion: for the time to favour her, yea, the set time, is come.

Psalm 102:14 -> For thy servants take pleasure in her stones, and favour the dust thereof.

Psalm 102:15 -> So the heathen shall fear the name of the LORD, and all the kings of the earth thy glory.

Psalm 102:16 -> When the LORD shall build up Zion, he shall appear in his glory.

Psalm 102:17 -> He will regard the prayer of the destitute, and not despise their prayer.

Psalm 102:18 -> This shall be written for the generation to come: and the people which shall be created shall praise the LORD.

Psalm 102:19 -> For he hath looked down from the height of his sanctuary; from heaven did the LORD behold the earth;

Psalm 102:20 -> To hear the groaning of the prisoner; to loose those that are appointed to death;

Psalm 102:21 -> To declare the name of the LORD in Zion, and his praise in Jerusalem;

Psalm 102:22 -> When the people are gathered together, and the kingdoms, to serve the LORD.

Psalm 102:23 -> He weakened my strength in the way; he shortened my days.

Psalm 102:24 -> I said, O my God, take me not away in the midst of my days: thy years are throughout all generations.

Psalm 102:25 -> Of old hast thou laid the foundation of the earth: and the heavens are the work of thy hands.

Psalm 102:26 -> They shall perish, but thou shalt endure: yea, all of them shall wax old like a garment; as a vesture shalt thou change them, and they shall be changed:

Psalm 102:27 -> But thou art the same, and thy years shall have no end.

Psalm 102:28 -> The children of thy servants shall continue, and their seed shall be established before thee.

