Psalm 103:1 -> Bless the LORD, O my soul: and all that is within me, bless his holy name.

Psalm 103:2 -> Bless the LORD, O my soul, and forget not all his benefits:

Psalm 103:3 -> Who forgiveth all thine iniquities; who healeth all thy diseases;

Psalm 103:4 -> Who redeemeth thy life from destruction; who crowneth thee with lovingkindness and tender mercies;

Psalm 103:5 -> Who satisfieth thy mouth with good things; so that thy youth is renewed like the eagle's.

Psalm 103:6 -> The LORD executeth righteousness and judgment for all that are oppressed.

Psalm 103:7 -> He made known his ways unto Moses, his acts unto the children of Israel.

Psalm 103:8 -> The LORD is merciful and gracious, slow to anger, and plenteous in mercy.

Psalm 103:9 -> He will not always chide: neither will he keep his anger for ever.

Psalm 103:10 -> He hath not dealt with us after our sins; nor rewarded us according to our iniquities.

Psalm 103:11 -> For as the heaven is high above the earth, so great is his mercy toward them that fear him.

Psalm 103:12 -> As far as the east is from the west, so far hath he removed our transgressions from us.

Psalm 103:13 -> Like as a father pitieth his children, so the LORD pitieth them that fear him.

Psalm 103:14 -> For he knoweth our frame; he remembereth that we are dust.

Psalm 103:15 -> As for man, his days are as grass: as a flower of the field, so he flourisheth.

Psalm 103:16 -> For the wind passeth over it, and it is gone; and the place thereof shall know it no more.

Psalm 103:17 -> But the mercy of the LORD is from everlasting to everlasting upon them that fear him, and his righteousness unto children's children;

Psalm 103:18 -> To such as keep his covenant, and to those that remember his commandments to do them.

Psalm 103:19 -> The LORD hath prepared his throne in the heavens; and his kingdom ruleth over all.

Psalm 103:20 -> Bless the LORD, ye his angels, that excel in strength, that do his commandments, hearkening unto the voice of his word.

Psalm 103:21 -> Bless ye the LORD, all ye his hosts; ye ministers of his, that do his pleasure.

Psalm 103:22 -> Bless the LORD, all his works in all places of his dominion: bless the LORD, O my soul.

