Psalm 118:1 -> O give thanks unto the LORD; for he is good: because his mercy endureth for ever.

Psalm 118:2 -> Let Israel now say, that his mercy endureth for ever.

Psalm 118:3 -> Let the house of Aaron now say, that his mercy endureth for ever.

Psalm 118:4 -> Let them now that fear the LORD say, that his mercy endureth for ever.

Psalm 118:5 -> I called upon the LORD in distress: the LORD answered me, and set me in a large place.

Psalm 118:6 -> The LORD is on my side; I will not fear: what can man do unto me?

Psalm 118:7 -> The LORD taketh my part with them that help me: therefore shall I see my desire upon them that hate me.

Psalm 118:8 -> It is better to trust in the LORD than to put confidence in man.

Psalm 118:9 -> It is better to trust in the LORD than to put confidence in princes.

Psalm 118:10 -> All nations compassed me about: but in the name of the LORD will I destroy them.

Psalm 118:11 -> They compassed me about; yea, they compassed me about: but in the name of the LORD I will destroy them.

Psalm 118:12 -> They compassed me about like bees; they are quenched as the fire of thorns: for in the name of the LORD I will destroy them.

Psalm 118:13 -> Thou hast thrust sore at me that I might fall: but the LORD helped me.

Psalm 118:14 -> The LORD is my strength and song, and is become my salvation.

Psalm 118:15 -> The voice of rejoicing and salvation is in the tabernacles of the righteous: the right hand of the LORD doeth valiantly.

Psalm 118:16 -> The right hand of the LORD is exalted: the right hand of the LORD doeth valiantly.

Psalm 118:17 -> I shall not die, but live, and declare the works of the LORD.

Psalm 118:18 -> The LORD hath chastened me sore: but he hath not given me over unto death.

Psalm 118:19 -> Open to me the gates of righteousness: I will go into them, and I will praise the LORD:

Psalm 118:20 -> This gate of the LORD, into which the righteous shall enter.

Psalm 118:21 -> I will praise thee: for thou hast heard me, and art become my salvation.

Psalm 118:22 -> The stone which the builders refused is become the head stone of the corner.

Psalm 118:23 -> This is the LORD'S doing; it is marvellous in our eyes.

Psalm 118:24 -> This is the day which the LORD hath made; we will rejoice and be glad in it.

Psalm 118:25 -> Save now, I beseech thee, O LORD: O LORD, I beseech thee, send now prosperity.

Psalm 118:26 -> Blessed be he that cometh in the name of the LORD: we have blessed you out of the house of the LORD.

Psalm 118:27 -> God is the LORD, which hath shewed us light: bind the sacrifice with cords, even unto the horns of the altar.

Psalm 118:28 -> Thou art my God, and I will praise thee: thou art my God, I will exalt thee.

Psalm 118:29 -> O give thanks unto the LORD; for he is good: for his mercy endureth for ever.

