Psalm 94:1 -> O LORD God, to whom vengeance belongeth; O God, to whom vengeance belongeth, shew thyself.

Psalm 94:2 -> Lift up thyself, thou judge of the earth: render a reward to the proud.

Psalm 94:3 -> LORD, how long shall the wicked, how long shall the wicked triumph?

Psalm 94:4 -> How long shall they utter and speak hard things? and all the workers of iniquity boast themselves?

Psalm 94:5 -> They break in pieces thy people, O LORD, and afflict thine heritage.

Psalm 94:6 -> They slay the widow and the stranger, and murder the fatherless.

Psalm 94:7 -> Yet they say, The LORD shall not see, neither shall the God of Jacob regard it.

Psalm 94:8 -> Understand, ye brutish among the people: and ye fools, when will ye be wise?

Psalm 94:9 -> He that planted the ear, shall he not hear? he that formed the eye, shall he not see?

Psalm 94:10 -> He that chastiseth the heathen, shall not he correct? he that teacheth man knowledge, shall not he know?

Psalm 94:11 -> The LORD knoweth the thoughts of man, that they are vanity.

Psalm 94:12 -> Blessed is the man whom thou chastenest, O LORD, and teachest him out of thy law;

Psalm 94:13 -> That thou mayest give him rest from the days of adversity, until the pit be digged for the wicked.

Psalm 94:14 -> For the LORD will not cast off his people, neither will he forsake his inheritance.

Psalm 94:15 -> But judgment shall return unto righteousness: and all the upright in heart shall follow it.

Psalm 94:16 -> Who will rise up for me against the evildoers? or who will stand up for me against the workers of iniquity?

Psalm 94:17 -> Unless the LORD had been my help, my soul had almost dwelt in silence.

Psalm 94:18 -> When I said, My foot slippeth; thy mercy, O LORD, held me up.

Psalm 94:19 -> In the multitude of my thoughts within me thy comforts delight my soul.

Psalm 94:20 -> Shall the throne of iniquity have fellowship with thee, which frameth mischief by a law?

Psalm 94:21 -> They gather themselves together against the soul of the righteous, and condemn the innocent blood.

Psalm 94:22 -> But the LORD is my defence; and my God is the rock of my refuge.

Psalm 94:23 -> And he shall bring upon them their own iniquity, and shall cut them off in their own wickedness; yea, the LORD our God shall cut them off.

