Psalm 83:1 -> Keep not thou silence, O God: hold not thy peace, and be not still, O God.

Psalm 83:2 -> For, lo, thine enemies make a tumult: and they that hate thee have lifted up the head.

Psalm 83:3 -> They have taken crafty counsel against thy people, and consulted against thy hidden ones.

Psalm 83:4 -> They have said, Come, and let us cut them off from being a nation; that the name of Israel may be no more in remembrance.

Psalm 83:5 -> For they have consulted together with one consent: they are confederate against thee:

Psalm 83:6 -> The tabernacles of Edom, and the Ishmaelites; of Moab, and the Hagarenes;

Psalm 83:7 -> Gebal, and Ammon, and Amalek; the Philistines with the inhabitants of Tyre;

Psalm 83:8 -> Assur also is joined with them: they have holpen the children of Lot. Selah.

Psalm 83:9 -> Do unto them as unto the Midianites; as to Sisera, as to Jabin, at the brook of Kison:

Psalm 83:10 -> Which perished at Endor: they became as dung for the earth.

Psalm 83:11 -> Make their nobles like Oreb, and like Zeeb: yea, all their princes as Zebah, and as Zalmunna:

Psalm 83:12 -> Who said, Let us take to ourselves the houses of God in possession.

Psalm 83:13 -> O my God, make them like a wheel; as the stubble before the wind.

Psalm 83:14 -> As the fire burneth a wood, and as the flame setteth the mountains on fire;

Psalm 83:15 -> So persecute them with thy tempest, and make them afraid with thy storm.

Psalm 83:16 -> Fill their faces with shame; that they may seek thy name, O LORD.

Psalm 83:17 -> Let them be confounded and troubled for ever; yea, let them be put to shame, and perish:

Psalm 83:18 -> That men may know that thou, whose name alone is JEHOVAH, art the most high over all the earth.

