Psalm 9:1 -> I will praise thee, O LORD, with my whole heart; I will shew forth all thy marvellous works.

Psalm 9:2 -> I will be glad and rejoice in thee: I will sing praise to thy name, O thou most High.

Psalm 9:3 -> When mine enemies are turned back, they shall fall and perish at thy presence.

Psalm 9:4 -> For thou hast maintained my right and my cause; thou satest in the throne judging right.

Psalm 9:5 -> Thou hast rebuked the heathen, thou hast destroyed the wicked, thou hast put out their name for ever and ever.

Psalm 9:6 -> O thou enemy, destructions are come to a perpetual end: and thou hast destroyed cities; their memorial is perished with them.

Psalm 9:7 -> But the LORD shall endure for ever: he hath prepared his throne for judgment.

Psalm 9:8 -> And he shall judge the world in righteousness, he shall minister judgment to the people in uprightness.

Psalm 9:9 -> The LORD also will be a refuge for the oppressed, a refuge in times of trouble.

Psalm 9:10 -> And they that know thy name will put their trust in thee: for thou, LORD, hast not forsaken them that seek thee.

Psalm 9:11 -> Sing praises to the LORD, which dwelleth in Zion: declare among the people his doings.

Psalm 9:12 -> When he maketh inquisition for blood, he remembereth them: he forgetteth not the cry of the humble.

Psalm 9:13 -> Have mercy upon me, O LORD; consider my trouble which I suffer of them that hate me, thou that liftest me up from the gates of death:

Psalm 9:14 -> That I may shew forth all thy praise in the gates of the daughter of Zion: I will rejoice in thy salvation.

Psalm 9:15 -> The heathen are sunk down in the pit that they made: in the net which they hid is their own foot taken.

Psalm 9:16 -> The LORD is known by the judgment which he executeth: the wicked is snared in the work of his own hands. Higgaion. Selah.

Psalm 9:17 -> The wicked shall be turned into hell, and all the nations that forget God.

Psalm 9:18 -> For the needy shall not alway be forgotten: the expectation of the poor shall not perish for ever.

Psalm 9:19 -> Arise, O LORD; let not man prevail: let the heathen be judged in thy sight.

Psalm 9:20 -> Put them in fear, O LORD: that the nations may know themselves to be but men. Selah.

