Psalm 135:1 -> Praise ye the LORD. Praise ye the name of the LORD; praise him, O ye servants of the LORD.

Psalm 135:2 -> Ye that stand in the house of the LORD, in the courts of the house of our God,

Psalm 135:3 -> Praise the LORD; for the LORD is good: sing praises unto his name; for it is pleasant.

Psalm 135:4 -> For the LORD hath chosen Jacob unto himself, and Israel for his peculiar treasure.

Psalm 135:5 -> For I know that the LORD is great, and that our Lord is above all gods.

Psalm 135:6 -> Whatsoever the LORD pleased, that did he in heaven, and in earth, in the seas, and all deep places.

Psalm 135:7 -> He causeth the vapours to ascend from the ends of the earth; he maketh lightnings for the rain; he bringeth the wind out of his treasuries.

Psalm 135:8 -> Who smote the firstborn of Egypt, both of man and beast.

Psalm 135:9 -> Who sent tokens and wonders into the midst of thee, O Egypt, upon Pharaoh, and upon all his servants.

Psalm 135:10 -> Who smote great nations, and slew mighty kings;

Psalm 135:11 -> Sihon king of the Amorites, and Og king of Bashan, and all the kingdoms of Canaan:

Psalm 135:12 -> And gave their land for an heritage, an heritage unto Israel his people.

Psalm 135:13 -> Thy name, O LORD, endureth for ever; and thy memorial, O LORD, throughout all generations.

Psalm 135:14 -> For the LORD will judge his people, and he will repent himself concerning his servants.

Psalm 135:15 -> The idols of the heathen are silver and gold, the work of men's hands.

Psalm 135:16 -> They have mouths, but they speak not; eyes have they, but they see not;

Psalm 135:17 -> They have ears, but they hear not; neither is there any breath in their mouths.

Psalm 135:18 -> They that make them are like unto them: so is every one that trusteth in them.

Psalm 135:19 -> Bless the LORD, O house of Israel: bless the LORD, O house of Aaron:

Psalm 135:20 -> Bless the LORD, O house of Levi: ye that fear the LORD, bless the LORD.

Psalm 135:21 -> Blessed be the LORD out of Zion, which dwelleth at Jerusalem. Praise ye the LORD.

