Psalm 92:1 -> It is a good thing to give thanks unto the LORD, and to sing praises unto thy name, O most High:

Psalm 92:2 -> To shew forth thy lovingkindness in the morning, and thy faithfulness every night,

Psalm 92:3 -> Upon an instrument of ten strings, and upon the psaltery; upon the harp with a solemn sound.

Psalm 92:4 -> For thou, LORD, hast made me glad through thy work: I will triumph in the works of thy hands.

Psalm 92:5 -> O LORD, how great are thy works! and thy thoughts are very deep.

Psalm 92:6 -> A brutish man knoweth not; neither doth a fool understand this.

Psalm 92:7 -> When the wicked spring as the grass, and when all the workers of iniquity do flourish; it is that they shall be destroyed for ever:

Psalm 92:8 -> But thou, LORD, art most high for evermore.

Psalm 92:9 -> For, lo, thine enemies, O LORD, for, lo, thine enemies shall perish; all the workers of iniquity shall be scattered.

Psalm 92:10 -> But my horn shalt thou exalt like the horn of an unicorn: I shall be anointed with fresh oil.

Psalm 92:11 -> Mine eye also shall see my desire on mine enemies, and mine ears shall hear my desire of the wicked that rise up against me.

Psalm 92:12 -> The righteous shall flourish like the palm tree: he shall grow like a cedar in Lebanon.

Psalm 92:13 -> Those that be planted in the house of the LORD shall flourish in the courts of our God.

Psalm 92:14 -> They shall still bring forth fruit in old age; they shall be fat and flourishing;

Psalm 92:15 -> To shew that the LORD is upright: he is my rock, and there is no unrighteousness in him.

