Psalm 89:1 -> I will sing of the mercies of the LORD for ever: with my mouth will I make known thy faithfulness to all generations.

Psalm 89:2 -> For I have said, Mercy shall be built up for ever: thy faithfulness shalt thou establish in the very heavens.

Psalm 89:3 -> I have made a covenant with my chosen, I have sworn unto David my servant,

Psalm 89:4 -> Thy seed will I establish for ever, and build up thy throne to all generations. Selah.

Psalm 89:5 -> And the heavens shall praise thy wonders, O LORD: thy faithfulness also in the congregation of the saints.

Psalm 89:6 -> For who in the heaven can be compared unto the LORD? who among the sons of the mighty can be likened unto the LORD?

Psalm 89:7 -> God is greatly to be feared in the assembly of the saints, and to be had in reverence of all them that are about him.

Psalm 89:8 -> O LORD God of hosts, who is a strong LORD like unto thee? or to thy faithfulness round about thee?

Psalm 89:9 -> Thou rulest the raging of the sea: when the waves thereof arise, thou stillest them.

Psalm 89:10 -> Thou hast broken Rahab in pieces, as one that is slain; thou hast scattered thine enemies with thy strong arm.

Psalm 89:11 -> The heavens are thine, the earth also is thine: as for the world and the fulness thereof, thou hast founded them.

Psalm 89:12 -> The north and the south thou hast created them: Tabor and Hermon shall rejoice in thy name.

Psalm 89:13 -> Thou hast a mighty arm: strong is thy hand, and high is thy right hand.

Psalm 89:14 -> Justice and judgment are the habitation of thy throne: mercy and truth shall go before thy face.

Psalm 89:15 -> Blessed is the people that know the joyful sound: they shall walk, O LORD, in the light of thy countenance.

Psalm 89:16 -> In thy name shall they rejoice all the day: and in thy righteousness shall they be exalted.

Psalm 89:17 -> For thou art the glory of their strength: and in thy favour our horn shall be exalted.

Psalm 89:18 -> For the LORD is our defence; and the Holy One of Israel is our king.

Psalm 89:19 -> Then thou spakest in vision to thy holy one, and saidst, I have laid help upon one that is mighty; I have exalted one chosen out of the people.

Psalm 89:20 -> I have found David my servant; with my holy oil have I anointed him:

Psalm 89:21 -> With whom my hand shall be established: mine arm also shall strengthen him.

Psalm 89:22 -> The enemy shall not exact upon him; nor the son of wickedness afflict him.

Psalm 89:23 -> And I will beat down his foes before his face, and plague them that hate him.

Psalm 89:24 -> But my faithfulness and my mercy shall be with him: and in my name shall his horn be exalted.

Psalm 89:25 -> I will set his hand also in the sea, and his right hand in the rivers.

Psalm 89:26 -> He shall cry unto me, Thou art my father, my God, and the rock of my salvation.

Psalm 89:27 -> Also I will make him my firstborn, higher than the kings of the earth.

Psalm 89:28 -> My mercy will I keep for him for evermore, and my covenant shall stand fast with him.

Psalm 89:29 -> His seed also will I make to endure for ever, and his throne as the days of heaven.

Psalm 89:30 -> If his children forsake my law, and walk not in my judgments;

Psalm 89:31 -> If they break my statutes, and keep not my commandments;

Psalm 89:32 -> Then will I visit their transgression with the rod, and their iniquity with stripes.

Psalm 89:33 -> Nevertheless my lovingkindness will I not utterly take from him, nor suffer my faithfulness to fail.

Psalm 89:34 -> My covenant will I not break, nor alter the thing that is gone out of my lips.

Psalm 89:35 -> Once have I sworn by my holiness that I will not lie unto David.

Psalm 89:36 -> His seed shall endure for ever, and his throne as the sun before me.

Psalm 89:37 -> It shall be established for ever as the moon, and as a faithful witness in heaven. Selah.

Psalm 89:38 -> But thou hast cast off and abhorred, thou hast been wroth with thine anointed.

Psalm 89:39 -> Thou hast made void the covenant of thy servant: thou hast profaned his crown by casting it to the ground.

Psalm 89:40 -> Thou hast broken down all his hedges; thou hast brought his strong holds to ruin.

Psalm 89:41 -> All that pass by the way spoil him: he is a reproach to his neighbours.

Psalm 89:42 -> Thou hast set up the right hand of his adversaries; thou hast made all his enemies to rejoice.

Psalm 89:43 -> Thou hast also turned the edge of his sword, and hast not made him to stand in the battle.

Psalm 89:44 -> Thou hast made his glory to cease, and cast his throne down to the ground.

Psalm 89:45 -> The days of his youth hast thou shortened: thou hast covered him with shame. Selah.

Psalm 89:46 -> How long, LORD? wilt thou hide thyself for ever? shall thy wrath burn like fire?

Psalm 89:47 -> Remember how short my time is: wherefore hast thou made all men in vain?

Psalm 89:48 -> What man is he that liveth, and shall not see death? shall he deliver his soul from the hand of the grave? Selah.

Psalm 89:49 -> Lord, where are thy former lovingkindnesses, which thou swarest unto David in thy truth?

Psalm 89:50 -> Remember, Lord, the reproach of thy servants; how I do bear in my bosom the reproach of all the mighty people;

Psalm 89:51 -> Wherewith thine enemies have reproached, O LORD; wherewith they have reproached the footsteps of thine anointed.

Psalm 89:52 -> Blessed be the LORD for evermore. Amen, and Amen.

